ID: 1
Dish: "The Glenn Beck"
Image URL: "images/hotdog.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review: "Wide assortment of hot dogs for under $6.
This place was hoppin' at the lunch hour! A few people looked like they were on lunch break from work, but most people seemed like they were trying it for the first time. I saw families, young adults, older folks. It definitely attracts all kinds of people!"
Restaurant: "Dirty Frank's"
Rating: 4

ID: 2
Dish: "Pad Thai Lunch Special for $6.95"
Image URL: "images/padthai.jpg"
Cuisine: "Asian"
Review: "This place has the best lunch special in town.  Pay only $6.95 for an entree, eggroll, bowl of soup, and a drink for lunch.  This deal is one of the few that is valid 7 days a week!  Of course, the more authentic (and tastier) dishes are on the dinner menu for a few more dollars, but this is a definite go-to!  The Pad Thai comes with chicken, shrimp, or beef.  The chef makes his own chili sauce--definitely worth a try if you are a fan of spicy food."
Restaurant: "Fortune"
Rating: 5

ID: 3
Dish: "15 Layer Lasagna for $8.69"
Image URL: "images/lasagna.jpg"
Cuisine: "Italian"
Review: "I have going to Spaghetti Warehouse for a few years now, but this past weekend made me realize I most likely wont go back.  The food was just okay but the service was really bad.  I went in on a Saturday night and the place was not super packed.  We were seated quickly and the waitress was just not too attentive to our table.  It seems as if we did something wrong to her to make her not want to stop.  "
Restaurant: "Spaghetti Warehouse"
Rating: 5

ID: 4
Dish:"Beechwold Burger for $6.75 "
Image URL:"images/hamburger.jpg"
Cuisine:"American"
Review:"The service was fast and friendly.  A few moments after I sat down, I was sipping on an ice tea.  You know how sometimes you get served ice tea that has been sitting around too long?  Welp, not here.  The ice tea was great."
Restaurant:"Beechwold Diner"
Rating: 5

ID: 5
Dish: "Apple Butter Bacon & Chicken Panini for $7.49"
Image URL: "image/sandwich.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review:"You gotta go in for the full experience.  You walk in and the smell of everything delicious just hits you in the face and makes your mouth water.  I enjoyed every bite of the sandwich, and my side was the Pork Fat Roasted Potatoes (Yukon gold potatoes  and roasted directly under the Porchetta). The potatoes had a spicy kick in my mouth."
Restaurant: "Carvery"
Rating: 4

ID: 6
Dish: "Grilled Cheese BS for $6"
Image URL: "image/breakfastsandwich.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review:"This is my go-to brunch place in Columbus. The food is great, and I love the casual environment. I haven't tried much on the menu, but their scrambled eggs, toast, and hashbrowns are delicious!"
Restaurant: "DK Diner"
Rating: 5